# General Utilites
A place for a whole bunche Quality-Of-Life Utilities

# Packages
## Utility
- `ArrayAndListExtensions`: Extension Methods for manipulating and using Arrays and Lists. (Shuffeling, Searching, Getting Random Object or Random Object with Probability, manipulating lenght of Arrays)
Everything in this class is in the namespace `FK.Utility.ArraysAndLists`

- `BinaryUtility`: Methods for bit manipulation and binary operations. (Get the Value of a single bit as a bool)
Everything in this class is in the namespace `FK.Utility.Binary`

- `GameObjectExtensions`: Extension Methods for GameObject. (Set layers Recursively).
Everything in this class is in the namespace `FK.Utility`

- `TransformExtensions`: Extension Methods for Transform and RectTransform. (Interpolation, SetAnchoredSize, FindDeepChildren)
Everything in this class is in the namespace `FK.Utility`

- `MathExtensionMethods`: Extensions for math operations on math types. (Remapping of numbers, formatting of numbers)
Everything in this class is in the namespace `FK.Utility.MathExtensions`

## ConstantsGenerator
- Editor Extension that creates constants classes for Tags, Layers and Scenes.
Create Constants by pressing `CTRL+ALT+C` or by navigating to `Tools/Generate Constants Classes`. By default, the classes will use the namespace `C` and are saved under `Scripts/_autoGenerated`, but you can specify your own values under `Tools/Constants Generator Config`

## Turntable
- A simple script for a Turntable Animation with some things you can define in the Inspector. Just put it on a GameObject and it works
